Add wallet back-end (#1)
perun-network/perun-icp-backend: README.md

# [Perun](https://perun.network/) ICP backend

This repository contains the [Internet Computer](https://dfinity.org/) backend for the [go-perun](https://github.com/perun-network/go-perun) channel library.

> This work is financed by the DFINITY grants program, since May 1st 2022, as a follow-up to the initial winter 2021 grant during which we developed a [canister](https://github.com/perun-network/perun-icp-canister) for Perun.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project is supported through the DFINITY grants program, since May 1st 2022, as a follow-up to the initial winter 2021 grant during which we developed a [canister](https://github.com/perun-network/perun-icp-canister) for Perun.

## Funding
This project is funded by the DFINITY grants program.
```

> Learn how to use go-perun backends in the documentation of the go-perun core library.

Reviewer: Move up.
